Adding sentiment analysis python blog post for SEO (#224)
huggingface/blog: sentiment-analysis-python.md

---
title: "Getting Started with Sentiment Analysis using Python"
thumbnail: /blog/assets/50_sentiment_python/thumbnail.png
---

<h1>Getting Started with Sentiment Analysis using Python</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published Feb 2, 2022.</small>

>     <a target="_blank" class="btn no-underline text-sm mb-5 font-sans" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/master/infinity-cpu-performance.md">

Reviewer: remember to update this link before merging

Author: > Thanks for the blog post! This is great 🔥
> 
> I did a first pass until about half of it. I'll continue at it tomorrow 😴 Btw, consider compressing large files. Having a thumbnail of 2 MB is most likely too big 😄

Thanks for taking the time to share your feedback, all great suggestions! 🙏 👏 🤗

Based on your feedback, I have made a new commit with many adjustments (I marked these conversations as resolved). I also optimized/compressed all images (another great suggestion). 

Looking forward to your suggestions and feedback on the other half 😃

Author: updated this

- *"@verizonsupport ive sent you a dm"* → would be tagged as "Neutral".

- *"thanks to michelle et al at @verizonsupport who helped push my no-show-phone problem along. order canceled successfully and ordered this for pickup today at the apple store in the mall."* → would be tagged as "Positive".

Sentiment analysis allows processing data at scale and in real-time. For example, do you want to analyze thousands of tweets, product reviews or support tickets? Instead of sorting through this data manually, you can use sentiment analysis to automatically understand how people are talking about a specific topic, get insights for data-driven decisions and automate business processes.

Sentiment analysis is used in a wide variety of applications, for example:

- Analyze social media mentions to understand how people are talking about your brand vs your competitors.
- Analyze feedback from surveys and product reviews to quickly get insights into what your customers like and dislike about your product.
- Analyze incoming support tickets in real-time to detect angry customers and act accordingly to prevent churn.

> <h2 id="pre-trained-sentiment-models">2. How to Use Pre-trained Sentiment Analysis Models with Python</h2>

Reviewer 2: You can also use markdown btw. You can automatically go to sections with links such as https://huggingface.co/blog/searching-the-hub#finding-what-we-need

Author: Interesting! How can I define an ID within a title in markdown? I tried to do this but didn't find how, so that is why I used HTML to define the id for the h2

Reviewer 2: It's done automatically. If you're building locally, just hover over the heading and you will get an option to copy the link. That's the equivalent to the id

Author: this is _super_ cool! much better than hardcoding HTML for these titles. I just changed these titles/links to just use markdown. Thanks for the suggestion 🙏

Now that we have covered what sentiment analysis is, we are ready to play with some sentiment analysis models! 🎉

> On the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/models), we are building the largest collection of models and datasets publicly available in order to democratize machine learning 🚀. In the Hub, you can find more than 25,000 models shared by the AI community with state-of-the-art performances on tasks such as sentiment analysis, computer vision, text generation, speech recognition and more. The Hub is free to use and most models have a widget that allows to test them directly on your browser!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/models), we are building the largest collection of models and datasets publicly available in order to democratize machine learning 🚀. In the Hub, you can find more than 27,000 models shared by the AI community with state-of-the-art performances on tasks such as sentiment analysis, computer vision, text generation, speech recognition and more. The Hub is free to use and most models have a widget that allows to test them directly on your browser!
```

Reviewer 2: "computer vision" is actually not a task, maybe we should change to something like "object detection"?

Author: good catch! I changed it to object detection

> There are more than [180 sentiment analysis models](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-classification&sort=downloads&search=sentiment) publicly available on the Hub and integrating them with Python just takes 5 lines of code:

Reviewer 2: I see 215!

Author: We grew this number since I first wrote this! 🔥  Changed this to 215

```python
pip install -q transformers
from transformers import pipeline
sentiment_pipeline = pipeline("sentiment-analysis")
data = ["I love you", "I hate you"]
sentiment_pipeline(data)
```

> This code snippet uses the [pipeline class](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/pipelines) to make predictions from models available in the Hub. It uses the [default model for sentiment analysis](https://huggingface.co/distilbert-base-uncased-finetuned-sst-2-english?text=I+like+you.+I+love+you) to analyze a list of texts `data` and it outputs the following results:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This code snippet uses the [pipeline class](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/pipelines) to make predictions from models available in the Hub. It uses the [default model for sentiment analysis](https://huggingface.co/distilbert-base-uncased-finetuned-sst-2-english?text=I+like+you.+I+love+you) to analyze the list of texts `data` and it outputs the following results:
```

```python

> [{'label': 'POSITIVE', 'score': 0.9998656511306763},

Reviewer 2: for simplicity maybe let's round a bit? (5 digits should be enough)

Author: good call

 {'label': 'NEGATIVE', 'score': 0.9991129040718079}]
```

> You can use a specific sentiment analysis model that is better suited to your language and use case by providing the name of the model:

Reviewer 2: Maybe let's say: "For example, if you want a model for tweets... you can specify the model id" and link to the model https://huggingface.co/finiteautomata/bertweet-base-sentiment-analysis

Author: Like it! Added this :)

> You can use a specific sentiment analysis model that is better suited to your language and use case by providing the name of the model:

Reviewer 2: maybe let's say "language **or** use case"

I expected a model for Spanish here :smile:

Author: 👍  let's say "or". 

I preferred using the tweets model because, in my experience, this is usually the first model people use/experiment with when they get started with sentiment analysis

Reviewer 2: SG!

```python
specific_model = pipeline(model="finiteautomata/bertweet-base-sentiment-analysis")
specific_model(data)
```

You can test these models with your own data using this [Colab notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1G4nvWf6NtytiEyiIkYxs03nno5ZupIJn?usp=sharing). The following are some popular models for sentiment analysis models available on the Hub that we recommend checking out:

> - [Twitter-roberta-base-sentiment](https://huggingface.co/cardiffnlp/twitter-roberta-base-sentiment) is a model trained on ~58M tweets and fine-tuned for sentiment analysis.

Reviewer 2: Here and in the other points, does your audience know what fine-tuning means?

Author: Good point, I don't think they know. Maybe we can add the following to provide some context on what is fine-tuning: 

- [Twitter-roberta-base-sentiment](https://huggingface.co/cardiffnlp/twitter-roberta-base-sentiment) is a roBERTa model trained on ~58M tweets and fine-tuned for sentiment analysis. Fine-tuning takes a pre-trained large language model (e.g. roBERTa) and then tweaks it with additional training data to make it perform a second similar task (e.g. sentiment analysis).

Reviewer 2: WDYT of 

"Twitter-roberta-base-sentiment is a roBERTa model trained on ~58M tweets and fine-tuned for sentiment analysis. Fine-tuning is the process of taking a pre-trained large language model (e.g. roBERTa in this case) and then tweaking it with additional training data to make it perform a second similar task (e.g. sentiment analysis)."

Author: looks good to me, I'll use this. Thanks!

- [Bert-base-multilingual-uncased-sentiment](https://huggingface.co/nlptown/bert-base-multilingual-uncased-sentiment) is a model fine-tuned for sentiment analysis on product reviews in six languages: English, Dutch, German, French, Spanish and Italian.
- [Distilbert-base-uncased-emotion](https://huggingface.co/bhadresh-savani/distilbert-base-uncased-emotion?text=I+feel+a+bit+let+down) is a model fine-tuned for detecting emotions in texts, including sadness, joy, love, anger, fear and surprise.

> Are you interested in doing sentiment analysis in languages such as Spanish, French, Italian or German? On the Hub, you will find many models fine-tuned for different use cases and languages. You can check out the complete list of sentiment analysis models [here](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-classification&sort=downloads&search=sentiment).

Reviewer 2: Maybe also hint they can filter at the left according to the language of their interest

Author: sounds good

> Are you interested in doing sentiment analysis in languages such as Spanish, French, Italian or German? On the Hub, you will find many models fine-tuned for different use cases and languages. You can check out the complete list of sentiment analysis models [here](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-classification&sort=downloads&search=sentiment).

Reviewer 2: It would also be cool to check how many languages we have supported here. Patrick has a script to do this I think

Author: Interesting, I have asked Patrick about this. Once I have this number, I'll add it here.

Author: @osanseviero unfortunately, there is not an easy way to get this number. The language list has tons of duplicates and noise and requires lots of cleaning. So, I'll move forward as it is. 

Raw language list: 

???,Arabic,Bash,Bengali,Chinese,CoreNLP,Cszech,Cszech Deustch,Cszech English,Cszech French,Cszech Italian,Cszech Spanish,Cszech Swedish,Deustch,Deustch Cszech,Deustch English,Deustch French,Deustch Italian,Deustch Spanish,Deustch Swedish,En,English,English Cszech,English Deustch,English French,English Italian,English Spanish,English Swedish,French,French Cszech,French Deustch,French English,French Italian,French Spanish,French Swedish,German,Go,Guj,"ISO 639-1 code for your language, or `multilingual`",Italian,Italian Cszech,Italian Deustch,Italian English,Italian French,Italian Spanish,Italian Swedish,Java,Multilingual,Python,Spanish,Spanish Cszech,Spanish Deustch,Spanish English,Spanish French,Spanish Italian,Spanish Swedish,Swedish,Swedish Cszech,Swedish Deustch,Swedish English,Swedish French,Swedish Italian,Swedish Spanish,Tagalog,WOLOF,Yorùbá,[en],aav,ab,ach,af,afa,african-languages,ain,al,alv,am,amh,an,ar,arabic,art,ary,arz,as,az,ba,bas,bat,be,bem,bengali,bg,bh,bn,bnt,bo,bpy,br,bs,c++,ca,cau,ccs,ce,ceb,cel,ch,chinese,ckb,cnh,cnr,co,code,cop,cpf,cpp,cs,csb_Latn,cu,cus,cv,cy,da,de,de-en,dra,dsb,dutch,dv,dz,ee,el,en,en de nl es,en-ar,en-cs,en-de,en-es,en-fr,en-lv,en-multilingual,en-ru,en-tr,en-vi,en-zh,en_unnorm,eng,english,english-default,english-extra,english-kbp,eo,es,es-en,esperanto,et,et-en,etc,eu,euq,fa,fi,finetuned_from,finnish,fiu,fj,fkv_Latn,fo,fon,fr,fr-en,french,fro,fy,fy-NL,ga,ga-IE,gd,ge,gem,ger,german,gl,gmq,gmw,gn,gom,gos,got,gr,grc,grk,gu,gv,ha,hau,hbs,he,hi,hi-en,hr,hsb,ht,hu,hungarian,hy,hy-AM,hyw,ia,ibo,id,ig,iir,ilo,inc,ine,input,io,is,it,italian,itc,izh,ja,java,javascript,jp,jpn,jv,ka,kbd,kin,kk,kl,km,kmr,kn,ko,korean,kpv,kr,krl,ks,kw,ky,kz,la,lb,lg,liv_Latn,ln,lo,lt,lu,lug,luo,lv,lzh,mai,map,mdf,mg,mh,mhr,mi,mk,mkh,ml,mn,mos,mr,ms,mt,mul,multi-lingual,multilingual,multilingual-en,multilingual-multilingual,my,myv,na,nah specifically ncj,nap,nb,nb-NO,ne,ne-en,nic,nl,nn,no,noinfo,nr,nso,nv,ny,oc,om,or,orv,os,output,pa,pa-IN,pcm,phi,php,pl,poz,pqe,pqw,protein,ps,pt,pt-br,py,python,qtd,qu,rm,rm-sursilv,rm-vallader,rn,ro,ro-en,roa,ru,ru-RU,ru-en,rw,sa,sah,sal,sc,sci,scientific english,scn,sd,se,sem,sg,sh,si,si-en,sit,sk,sl,sla,sm,sma,sme,sn,so,sot,sp,spanish,sq,sr,su,sv,sv-SE,sw,swa,swedish,swl,ta,tat,taw,te,tg,th,thai,ti,tk,tl,tn,to,tr,trk,ts,tt,tut,tw,ty,udm,ug,uk,unk,ur,urj,uz,ven,vep,vi,vn,vro,vu,wa,war,wo,wol,xal,xh,xho,yi,yo,yor,yue,zh,zh-CN,zh-HK,zh-hans,zh-hant,zh-tw,zh_CN,zle,zls,zlw,zu,zul
0,1,3,1,5,41,1,2,3,3,3,3,3,3,2,2,3,3,3,3,3,1,14,3,3,2,3,2,2,2,3,2,3,3,3,3,1,1,1,3,2,3,3,3,3,3,3,1,1,1,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,3,3,3,3,3,3,1,1,1,1,2,21,1,25,3,1,2,2,2,15,1,10,172,1,1,1,2,22,6,7,1,2,14,1,1,43,4,43,2,5,4,12,3,6,53,1,1,3,1,2,5,2,1,1,3,10,6,1,2,3,30,1,1,2,8,11,63,216,2,2,1,5,13,1,14,49,4810,1,1,2,8,1,1,4,2,2,1,1,5,1,6,14,1,1,1,47,250,1,1,29,2,1,21,2,91,47,2,1,4,4,1,12,9,219,1,1,1,13,4,20,7,9,1,3,1,2,24,3,5,2,4,2,1,3,9,2,25,7,14,2,3,49,72,1,36,4,12,44,1,9,4,1,2,2,99,17,3,1,3,3,1,3,44,116,1,3,1,196,2,1,3,1,16,12,1,5,5,2,7,2,9,84,1,1,5,1,1,7,6,1,2,13,15,1,8,5,37,1,4,8,22,8,4,1,1,2,4,1,4,19,2,8,21,8,32,26,13,2,2,270,1,2,5,1,4,1,1,18,1,12,2,2,104,12,1,6,1,1,2,8,10,4,23,1,8,1,7,6,18,2,1,55,1,2,1,4,9,166,1,3,10,1,1,10,3,2,19,64,2,2,174,9,3,22,9,4,2,6,2,1,1,1,9,3,7,5,26,2,1,13,29,3,4,1,1,8,11,1,1,1,6,21,4,49,14,32,5,1,1,24,1,1,16,2,33,2,18,4,28,3,4,134,2,9,6,1,1,4,1,6,54,61,32,3,4,1,1,56,5,1,1,10,1,16,1,1,8,1,11,27,2,10,238,1,2,1,1,3,4,3,3,4,17,1

<h2 id="building-custom-sentiment-model">3. Building Your Own Sentiment Analysis Model</h2>

Using pre-trained models publicly available on the Hub is a great way to get started right away with sentiment analysis. These models use deep learning architectures such as transformers that achieve state-of-the-art performance on sentiment analysis and other machine learning tasks. However, you can fine-tune a model with your own data to further improve the sentiment analysis results and get an extra boost of accuracy in your particular use case.

> In this section, we'll go over two tutorials on how to fine-tune a model for sentiment analysis with your own data and criteria. The first tutorial uses the Trainer API from the [🤗Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) library and requires a bit more coding and experience. The second tutorial is a bit easier and more straightforward, it uses [AutoNLP](https://huggingface.co/autonlp), a tool to automatically train, evaluate and deploy state-of-the-art NLP models without code or ML experience.

Reviewer 2: Instead of tutorial maybe let's say method or approach? WDYT?

Author: Let's use approach

> In this section, we'll go over two tutorials on how to fine-tune a model for sentiment analysis with your own data and criteria. The first tutorial uses the Trainer API from the [🤗Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) library and requires a bit more coding and experience. The second tutorial is a bit easier and more straightforward, it uses [AutoNLP](https://huggingface.co/autonlp), a tool to automatically train, evaluate and deploy state-of-the-art NLP models without code or ML experience.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also mention that transformers is an OS library with 50K stars and 1K+ contributors

Author: added this 👍

Let's dive in!

### a. Fine-tuning model with Python

In this tutorial, we'll use the IMBD dataset to fine-tune a DistilBERT model for sentiment analysis. 

> The [IMDB dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/imdb) contains 25,000 movie reviews labeled by sentiment for training a model and 25,000 movie reviews for testing it. [DistilBERT](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/distilbert) is a smaller, faster and cheaper version of [BERT](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/bert). It has 40% fewer parameters than BERT and runs 60% faster while preserving over 95% of BERT’s performance. We'll use the IMBD dataset to fine-tune a DistilBERT model that is able to classify whether a movie review is positive or negative. Once we train the model, we will use it to analyze new data! ⚡️

Reviewer 2: I don't think your audience might necessarily know what parameters means. Maybe just say it is 40% smaller than BERT.

Author: good point! made this change

We have [created this notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1t-NJadXsPTDT6EWIR0PRzpn5o8oMHzp3?usp=sharing) so you can use it through this tutorial in Google Colab.

#### 1. Activate GPU and Install Dependencies

> As a first step, let's set up Google Colab to use a GPU (instead of CPU) to train the model much faster. We can do this by going to the menu, clicking on 'Runtime' > 'Change runtime type', and selecting 'GPU' as the Hardware accelerator. Once we do this, we should check if GPU is available on our notebook by running the following code: 

Reviewer 2: Usually for coding guidance second person is encouraged.
```suggestion
As a first step, let's set up Google Colab to use a GPU (instead of CPU) to train the model much faster. You can do this by going to the menu, clicking on 'Runtime' > 'Change runtime type', and selecting 'GPU' as the Hardware accelerator. Once you do this, you should check if GPU is available on our notebook by running the following code: 
```

Author: sounds good, I have changed this here and in other places of this post

Next, you will prepare the text inputs for the model for both splits of our dataset (training and test) by using the [map method](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/about_map_batch.html):

```python
def preprocess_function(examples):
   return tokenizer(examples["text"], truncation=True)
 
tokenized_train = small_train_dataset.map(preprocess_function, batched=True)
tokenized_test = small_test_dataset.map(preprocess_function, batched=True)
``` 

To speed up training, let's use a data_collator to convert your training samples to PyTorch tensors and concatenate them with the correct amount of [padding](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/preprocessing#everything-you-always-wanted-to-know-about-padding-and-truncation):

```python
from transformers import DataCollatorWithPadding
data_collator = DataCollatorWithPadding(tokenizer=tokenizer)
```

#### 3. Training the model

Now that the preprocessing is done, you can go ahead and train your model 🚀

You will be throwing away the pretraining head of the DistilBERT model and replacing it with a classification head fine-tuned for sentiment analysis. This enables you to transfer the knowledge from DistilBERT to your custom model 🔥

> For training, you will be using [Trainer API](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.15.0/en/main_classes/trainer#transformers.Trainer) that is optimized for fine-tuning [Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)🤗 models such as DistilBERT, BERT and RoBERTa.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For training, you will be using the [Trainer API](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.15.0/en/main_classes/trainer#transformers.Trainer), which is optimized for fine-tuning [Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)🤗 models such as DistilBERT, BERT and RoBERTa.
```

First, let's define DistilBERT as your base model:

```python
from transformers import AutoModelForSequenceClassification
model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained("distilbert-base-uncased", num_labels=2)
```

Then, let's define the metrics you will be using to evaluate how good is your fine-tuned model ([accuracy and f1 score](https://huggingface.co/metrics)):

```python
import numpy as np
from datasets import load_metric
 
def compute_metrics(eval_pred):
   metric1 = load_metric("accuracy")

>    metric2 = load_metric("f1")

Reviewer 2: Maybe let's be a bit more explicit with variable naming

Author: sounds good. I updated the markdown with a more explicit variable naming, and have also updated the notebook

  
   logits, labels = eval_pred
   predictions = np.argmax(logits, axis=-1)
   accuracy = metric1.compute(predictions=predictions, references=labels)["accuracy"]
   f1 = metric2.compute(predictions=predictions, references=labels)["f1"]
   return {"accuracy": accuracy, "f1": f1}
```

Next, let's login to your [Hugging Face account](https://huggingface.co/join) so you can manage your model repositories. `notebook_login` will launch a widget in your notebook where you'll need to add your [Hugging Face token](https://huggingface.co/settings/token):

```python
from huggingface_hub import notebook_login
notebook_login()
```

> You are almost there! Before training our model, you need to define our training arguments and define a Trainer with all the objects you constructed up to this point:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are almost there! Before training our model, you need to define the training arguments and a Trainer with all the objects you constructed up to this point:
```

```python
from transformers import TrainingArguments, Trainer
 
repo_name = "finetuning-sentiment-model-3000-samples"
 
training_args = TrainingArguments(
   output_dir=repo_name,
   learning_rate=2e-5,
   per_device_train_batch_size=16,
   per_device_eval_batch_size=16,
   num_train_epochs=2,
   weight_decay=0.01,
   save_strategy="epoch",
   push_to_hub=True,
)
 
trainer = Trainer(
   model=model,
   args=training_args,
   train_dataset=tokenized_train,
   eval_dataset=tokenized_test,
   tokenizer=tokenizer,
   data_collator=data_collator,
   compute_metrics=compute_metrics,
)
```

> Now, it's time to fine-tune the model on our sentiment analysis dataset! 🙌 You just have to call the `train()` method of your Trainer: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, it's time to fine-tune the model on the sentiment analysis dataset! 🙌 You just have to call the `train()` method of your Trainer: 
```

```python
trainer.train()
```

And voila! You fine-tuned a DistilBERT model for sentiment analysis! 🎉

> Training time depends on the hardware you use and the number of samples in the dataset. In our case, it took almost 10 minutes using a GPU and fine-tuning the model 3,000 samples. The more samples you use for training your model, the more accurate it will be but training could be significantly slower.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Training time depends on the hardware you use and the number of samples in the dataset. In our case, it took almost 10 minutes using a GPU and fine-tuning the model with 3,000 samples. The more samples you use for training your model, the more accurate it will be but training could be significantly slower.
```

Next, let's compute the evaluation metrics to see how good your model is: 
```python
trainer.evaluate()
```

In our case, we got 88% accuracy and 89% f1 score. Quite good for a sentiment analysis model just trained with 3,000 samples!

#### 4. Analyzing new data with the model

Now that you have trained a model for sentiment analysis, let's use it to analyze new data and get predictions! 🤖

> First, let's upload the model to the Hub:

Reviewer 2: Maybe add 1-3 sentences describing why you want to do this (maybe linking to an example in the hub, mentioning model card/metadata/widget)

```python
trainer.push_to_hub()
```

> Now, let's use [pipeline class](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/pipelines) to analyze two new movie reviews and see how your model predicts its sentiment:

Reviewer 2: Linked to comment above, I would mention that you're loading the model you pushed to the Hub

Author: sounds good! thanks for the suggestion

All these models are automatically uploaded to the Hub and deployed for production. You can use any of these models to start analyzing new data right away by using the [pipeline class](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/pipelines) as shown in previous sections of this post.

<h2 id="analyzing-tweets-with-sentiment-analysis">4. Analyzing Tweets with Sentiment Analysis and Python</h2>

In this last section, you'll take what you have learned so far in this post and put it into practice with a fun little project: analyzing tweets about NFTs with sentiment analysis! 

First, you'll use [Tweepy](https://www.tweepy.org/), an easy-to-use Python library for getting tweets mentioning #NFTs using the [Twitter API](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-api). Then, you will use a sentiment analysis model from the 🤗Hub to analyze these tweets. Finally, you will create some visualizations to explore the results and find some interesting insights. 

You can use [this notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/182UbzmSeAFgOiow7WNMxvnz-yO-SJQ0W?usp=sharing) to follow this tutorial. Let’s jump into it!

### 1. Install dependencies

> First, let's install all the libraries will be using in this tutorial:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, let's install all the libraries you will use in this tutorial:
```

plt.figure()
plt.title("Negative Tweets - Wordcloud")
plt.imshow(negative_wordcloud, interpolation="bilinear")
plt.axis("off")
plt.show()
```

Some of the words associated with positive tweets include Discord, Ethereum, Join, Mars4 and Shroom:

<figure class="image table text-center m-0 w-full">
  <medium-zoom background="rgba(0,0,0,.7)" alt="Word cloud for positive tweets" src="assets/50_sentiment_python/positive-tweets-wordcloud.png"></medium-zoom>
  <figcaption>Word cloud for positive tweets</figcaption>
</figure>

In contrast, words associated with negative tweets include: cookies chaos, Solana, and OpenseaNFT:

<figure class="image table text-center m-0 w-full">
  <medium-zoom background="rgba(0,0,0,.7)" alt="Word cloud for negative tweets" src="assets/50_sentiment_python/negative-tweets-wordcloud.png"></medium-zoom>
  <figcaption>Word cloud for negative tweets</figcaption>
</figure>

And that is it! With just a few lines of python code, you were able to collect tweets, analyze them with sentiment analysis and create some cool visualizations to analyze the results! Pretty cool, huh?

## 5. Wrapping up

> Sentiment analysis with Python has never been easier! Tools such as [🤗Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) and [🤗Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) makes sentiment analysis accessible to all developers. You can use open source, pre-trained models for sentiment analysis in just a few lines of code 🔥

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sentiment analysis with Python has never been easier! Tools such as [🤗Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) and the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) makes sentiment analysis accessible to all developers. You can use open source, pre-trained models for sentiment analysis in just a few lines of code 🔥
```

Do you want to train a custom model for sentiment analysis with your own data? Easy peasy! You can fine-tune a model using [Trainer API](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.15.0/en/main_classes/trainer#transformers.Trainer) to build on top of large language models and get state-of-the-art results. If you want something even easier, you can use [AutoNLP](https://huggingface.co/autonlp) to train custom machine learning models by simply uploading data.

> If you have questions, the Hugging Face community can help answer and/or benefit from, please ask them in the [Hugging Face forum](https://discuss.huggingface.co/).

Reviewer 2: Could you also add a call to action to join discord after the forum please?

Author: sure!
